chore(rest-openapi): add review hints to the read me (#727)
camunda/camunda-bpm-platform: engine-rest/engine-rest-openapi/README.md

 + [descriptions](#descriptions)
 + [formats](#formats)
 + [examples](#examples)

> 3. Reviews(#reviews)

Reviewer: Link doesn't work:
```suggestion
3. [Reviews](#reviews)
```

                    }']/>
```

## Reviews

How to do reviews?

* in case of changes of the macros, please compare the last build openapi.json version with one to review to ensure that the endpoins are complete after the new changes
* double check the path of the endpoints as they are not easy to see if they are not checked additionally
* check for correct parameters, requests, and responses

> * check for compliance with the Java endpoints (operation id as close as possible the Java method), dto packages

Reviewer: It would be good to point out where the Java methods can be found
```suggestion
* check for compliance with the Java endpoints (`endpointInfo` id should be as close as possible to the Java method in the DTO packages - check the `\*RestService.java` and `\*Resource.java` interfaces)
```
